Our first task is remembering to throw trash away. From our research we learned that this task exists and is most likely the easiest since students have to remember to throw their trash away on a daily basis. However, we also learned that students oftentimes do not remember to throw their trash away when they are done with it or they do not leave themselves enough time to find and go to a trashcan before their next class despite the constant reminders to throw everything out by surrounding students and teachers throughout the day. Therefore, we are posed with the issue of solving this problem. Going forward, we hope that our app will help remind students to throw their trash away successfully. 
Our second task is throwing your trash away. This task is also existing and also pretty simple because students throw their trash away daily when they are on campus. Despite the simplicity of this task, we learned from our contextual inquiries that there was noticeably stray garbage all around campus. Furthermore, we also learned that there may be too few trash cans on campus which is an issue for someone who is looking to throw away their trash. In addition, it is critical that if students find a garbage can that is overfilled, they find another trash can to prevent garbage from spilling and making an even greater mess. With our app, students will hopefully be more likely to throw their trash away with ease. 
Our third task is throwing stray trash away. Though this task is existing and super straightforward, it is the third hardest because we learned that students are not as likely to pick up other people’s trash if it is left behind because it is technically not their responsibility. In addition, during the pandemic it may not seem sanitary to pick up other peoples food and utensils. However, it is a necessary step to reducing the amount of trash on campus and hopefully will not exist once our app is implemented since everyone will throw their own trash out. 
Our fourth task is reminding other students to throw their trash away. This task is existing, though not used very often, and may be difficult for some students to do since it is nerve racking to speak up if they see other students leaving trash behind or dropping trash around campus. However, it is necessary that they say something to help to reduce the amount of trash on campus. Hopefully by doing so, students will respond and throw their trash out which will limit the amount of people that have to pick up other people's trash. Furthermore, our app will hopefully help to remind every student that they must throw their trash away under all circumstances.
Our fifth task is logging that you threw your trash away. This task is slightly more difficult because it is new and students are not used to it. However, based on our contextual inquiries we feel that it is a necessary step to enforcing that all students throw their trash away. By doing this task, it will force students into successfully throwing their trash away daily to reduce the amount of stray trash around campus.  
Our last and most difficult task is competing with other Horace Mann students to throw the most trash out. This task is new and will hopefully provide a fun and motivating way for students to effectively throw out their trash on campus. Furthermore, after discussing a competition in our contextual inquiries, we heard that it is likely that students will be more likely to throw their trash away with the promise of some sort of reward and also discuss the competition with other students which will remind them to throw their trash away. However, this task is the hardest because it requires students to complete a series of other tasks like remembering to throw trash away, finding garbage cans, throwing trash away, that some struggle to do. 
